So in this video we will be talking about the sign of Java class, so which will help us to create a
new account for the customers.
So here is the package bank.
This signup class is defined inside the package bank.
We have imported the necessary package like Java JWT for the graphical user interface Java DOT event
for performing events on buttons or menu items.
Then Java Docstring, which is a modified version of AWG package java dot dot asterisk, which will
help us to stabilize a connection with the database.
Then this package is provided by the library.
This library, which we have, which is a jar file which we have talked about in our discussion of the
database and libraries.
And here is the another file, which is a huge utility to start.
That's the package we have imported after that inside the public class sign up, which is extending
frame and accent listener class.
We have started the definition of it.
Inside the class we have defined labels.
There are 14 labels and seven text fields and five radio buttons and there is a single button.
B Then there is a date chooser object.
After that, we have defined the random array and a new random instance, and the long first for this
line or calculation will be generating a long type of number instance as first, fourth and is inside
the string first we will be matched dot absolute method will be calculating only the first, for instance,
which will be stored in this long variable.
After that there is the we have defined the non parameter constructor for the signup class.
Set the title as a new application, a new account application form.
So this will be the starting page for any new account application form.
After that, we have defined our restored image in these three lines, bypassing first the argument
or location of that image, and after that is scaling the size and.
Size of the image.
After that there is the image icon three inside which we have stored the image object title and inside
the label we have stored the image.
So that label will hold that image.
After that, we have set the bound for the image that is location 20, comma zero and it size is 100,
cross hundred and adding that label to our frame.
After that there is a label new J label application form number plus first.
So this is the application form number.
So this first variable will be generating the random application form form number.
So inside the string first we have installed the dot absolute of this first for variable.
So that first will be calculated for this purpose to generate a random application number.
After that we have set font that particular label, which font family is railway font type is bold and
font size is 38.
After that we have defined the label page one personal details.
So that will this will be the page one section or which will include the personal details.
And then we have set the font for it is for family, same railway type is same mold and it size is a
little bit smaller.
That is 22.
After that there is an internal fields.
The label first is a name.
So for the name L three, we have set the font as railway font and 20.
After that there is the father's name label and the same there is the same font type family and size
we have defined for it.
Font type Davis Size is 20 and it is of bold type.
Similarly, we have defined a label for the date of birth as well.
The font properties are same for this label as well.
Further, there is a label for the gender with the same font properties.
After that, there is a label email address which also have the same font properties.
Then there is a label for the marital status which will hold the status of marriage of the particular
account holder.
With having the same foreign properties as well.
After that the address which will also have the same property.
Then there is a label for the city to enter the city which will also have the same font properties they'll
be.
Font type is bold and font size is 20.
Then there's another label labelled as pin code, which will also have the same font property.
Similarly, there is a label labeled as a state which will have the same four font property.
They'll be type of bold and sizes 20.
Then there is a font labeled as date, which in this the font size is a little bit smaller from the
20 it's moved to 14.
After that, there is a label month.
It's the font size is 14.
Also font type and family same.
Then there is a label here whose font size is also 14.
Now we have defined the text field with respect to text fields to enter the details inside these labels.
So these are the text fields here for text field whose font type is the font type is bold and its font
size is 14.
The similar font size is for the next text fields as well to two T 3 to 4, t five and t six.
These are seven.
All the text field will have the similar font size.
After that we have a defined three button that is next button, which will move us to the next signup
page, which will be the page second for the application form, which will contain more information
about the account holder.
So we have set the font detail for that button.
Background color has black and foreground colors.
Fight for the button.
Then there is a we have defined the radio buttons are one which will contain mail its setting, its
font and background color as white.
Then there are two radio buttons female setting its fonts and background color as white.
After that, there is a button group group named as group gender.
And inside the group gender button group, we have added both of these radio buttons and there is a
radio button and there are three.
Mary That's for the marital status setting font for it and set the background color as white.
After that, there is a radio button labeled as unmarried and setting foreground, font type, family
size and then foreground background color for that.
And there is another label as other.
So these are the three labels and we have created another button group, group status and added all
of these three radio buttons inside that group status, button group.
Then we have defined the date chooser and set the foreground color by passing the RGV values and we
have set the bound for it to fix this location and size and added that user to our frame.
Then we have defined the layout as well.
After that we have defined here location of all the labels.
So this is the location of label one location and size as well.
Added that to our frame.
Similarly for the alto l3l for l five for everything.
Then we have also set the location for the date chooser as well.
After that we have defined for the remaining labels and radio buttons, text fields, everything.
So in the in these lines we have just defined the location and size for every text field label, radio
buttons, whatever the elements we have.
After that.
From here we have added the action listener to the button because button must have handled some events
and then we have defined the background color of the complete window as white.
After that, we have set the size of the frame as 850, comma, 800, and then the location of the frame
as 500, comma 120 set the visibility of the frame as two.
After that, what we have did is here defined the action from the event.
So this is the action performed method and which is taking an action event object a as argument and
inside the string form number.
So a string form number.
We have stored the value of the string first because at the starting of it we have shown a headline
like application form number and after that we have added the value of the first.
So first will be the form number value.
After that there is a name to even get text.
So from the text field, when we have fetched the name from the text field, we have as the father name
from the date chooser method, we have fetched the date of birth and from the gender.
We have first passed this null.
Now for the gender we have.
What we had did is.
If Radio Button one is selected, then we will set gender to male.
If Radio Button two is selected, then we will fix the gender value as female and for the email we have,
fetch the detail from that 33 text field.
Then we have set the marital status as well.
After that, we have executed a statement.
If our three selected then marital status is married.
If our four is selected, then marital status is unmarried.
If our five is selected, then marital status is other.
After that, inside the string address, we have passed the DD four from the details from the full text
field.
Similarly in the city from t five pin code from t six and a state from d seven.
Now we what we have created is a created a try against block and inside the tribe.
If things start get sick get taxed equals null.
So if the value of the six text field is null, then we will show the details that fill that equal all
the required fields.
And otherwise we will.
What we will do is create a connection object of our common class.
And then we have created a query.
A string.
Q One which inside which we have written insert into sign up values.
So these will be these values will be stored in our sign up table with respect to like form number,
name f, name, dob, gender, email, marital status, address, city, pin code state.
These will be the values which we will be storing in our sign up table.
After that, we have executed the Q one query with the help of our C one point start, execute, update
method and pass that query to that method.
So that will be executing that query.
And after that we have called a new sign up to with the bypassing that form number first and set the
visibility as true.
So once the first sign of age will be completed, the first application form will be completed.
We will be calling as soon as the first sign up will be updated.
We will call the second signup page so that to enter all the remaining details as well and set the current
visibility of the window as follows inside the catch block, we will be handling the exception if any
occurs and inside the public static void main, we will be just initializing the current instance of
the class and set the visibility as true.
So this is all about the first sign of Java class.
In the next video we will be talking about the sign up two and sign up three dot Java classes, which
will be the remaining pages for the application form.
So that's all in this video.